into the land she had never known sir is
married oh we do
can you please explain to me why you
call me sir women do not stand in the
presence of his Excellency a young woman
found herself at the threshold of the
future you do not look sufficient of age
how many years have you enough to know
that age and wisdom do not necessarily
go hand in hand
she had never experienced anything like
his world this my son is your new
teacher he's a great owner the highness
and he had never faced anyone like her
you claimed you wanted Sian to take it
to place among the modern world you
spoke of building something greater than
yourself everything has its own time
it's like talking to a brick wall you
are learning 20th Century Fox presents
the story of two people from different
worlds
dangerous times of majesty foreigners
influence can be equally so who shared
one extraordinary moment
[Music]
Academy Award winner Jodie Foster you
commended him for his vision and all the
while you were waiting to take his
country from him and chow yun-fat
you have the power to lead now is not
the time to change the ways I think the
third well if not now then when you
cannot shut the world out forever
[Music]
I believe there's been enough insult
caused by this woman who believes the
cell to be the equal of a man not the
equal of a man-child pay the equal king
[Music]